Feature/docs update (#236)
Princeton-CDH/corppa: README.md

This repository is research software developed as part of the [Ends of Prosody](https://cdh.princeton.edu/projects/the-ends-of-prosody/), which is associated with the [Princeton Prosody Archive](https://prosody.princeton.edu/) (PPA). This software is particularly focused on research and work related to PPA full-text and page image corpora.

Documentation for this package is available at <https://princeton-cdh.github.io/corppa/>.

> **WARNING:** This code is primarily for internal team use. The portions that may be useful for participants of the 
> [Ends of Prosody conference](https://cdh.princeton.edu/events/the-ends-of-prosody/) are documented
> [here](https://princeton-cdh.github.io/corppa/eop-docs.html).

Reviewer: Since we already link to the conference above, let's rephrase slightly. (Rewording to avoid using 'here' for link text because that's bad for accessibility)

```suggestion
**WARNING:** This code is primarily for internal use. Specific portions that may be useful are documented for [Ends of Prosody utilities](https://princeton-cdh.github.io/corppa/eop-docs.html) for participants of the 
Ends of Prosody conference.
```

Author: Sure, I'll rework this.
